It is rumored that the dragon girl Sang Ming is beautiful
See you today
Sure enough, he is as refined as the person in the painting
Dragon Girl, Crown Prince and General Qi fought blood
It's a delight to the eye.
Dragon Lady Sonning See Your Majesty
Long live my emperor
Long live all things
And the minister sees the father
Greetings, Your Majesty
Festival banquet
Just to celebrate the return of the dragon girl
Dragon girl don't have to be restrained
Your Majesty, everyone is here
Five years ago.
Zhongzhou is facing chaos in various countries
Royal Green Legs
Make the dragon girl stand up in the midst of national crisis
Lead the Dragon Temple to fight against the heroes
Finally settle the world
Created today's prosperous Taiming era
I have decided
Give the Dragon Girl Shangfang Sword
Kill corrupt officials
Cut Xiao Xiao
From Now On
I also hope that the dragon girl will protect me in the middle of the week
Eternal